Windy Autumn Day
Today, Peppa is going to the park.
Brrr! Lt's freezing cold!
It is cold!
Quick!
Let's get our warm clothes on!
On cold days, Peppa and her family
wear their hats and scarves and coats.
I'll put the roof up.
Ooh, And let's get the heating on.
Everyone nice and warm?
Yes, Daddy Pig!
Then let's go!
This is the park.
We're here! Hooray!
Mummy,
why are all the leave red and yellow?
It's Autumn time, Peppa.
In the Autumn, it gets a bit colder
and the leaves change color.
It's quite windy.
Let's play a game to keep warm.
My turn!
Oh,
it's not meant to go that away.
The wind is blowing the ball along!
The ball is in the pond!
Hmmm,
I'lljust use this stick to reach it.
Just a bit further, Daddy.
Be careful, Daddy Pig
Don't worry!
I. Ve almost got it.
Whoa!
Daddy, is the water cold?
A little bit.
The wind has blown the ball
out of the pond.
That's lucky!
Yes, what a stroke of luck!
It's getting even windier,
Hold onto your hats.
Oh no!
The wind has blown George's hat off.
Whoa!
Don't worry George!
Daddy Pig will catch your hat!
Quick, Daddy!
Look!
It's in that little tree!
Hmmm.
I'lljust climb up and get it.
The tree's much too thin to
take yourweight, Daddy Pig!
So, how can we get George's hat?
Simple,
I. II give the tree a little shake.
Hmmm, Maybe if I shake it a bit harder.
Oooh!
I thought that sort of thing
only happened to me!
It's not funny.
It's a bit funny, Mummy.
I suppose it is a bit funny.
Where's George's hat?
It's on your head!
Here's your hat George!
Hold onto it this time!
The wind is blowing all the leaves
off the trees.
Look at me! I'm living into the wind.
The wind is strong enough
to hold Peppa up!
to hold George up!
Daddy! Have a go!
Er. I'm a bit too heavy...
Come on, Daddy!
It's really fun!
Oh, all right!
The wind is strong enough
to hold up Daddy Pig!
I say! This is fun!
Come on, Mummy Pig!
Give it a try!
But if the wind stops.
I'll fall over.
The wind won't just stop!
The wind has stopped.
It's not funny!
It is a bit funny!
Now, the wind has stopped.
What can we do?
Hmm, What's you favourite game?
Jumping up and down in muddy puddles.
But there aren't any puddles.
Just lots If boring, dry leaves.
And what do you do with dry leaves?
I don't know.
Jump up and down in them!
Daddy Pig loves
jumping up and down in leaves.
Peppa loves
Everyone loves
jumping up and down in leaves.
This is the best Autumn day ever!